 
Except as disclosed below, for transactions with our executive officers and directors, please see the disclosure under “
 
Except as set out below, since the beginning of the Company’s last fiscal year, there have been no transactions, or currently proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000, and in which any of the following people had or will have a direct or indirect material interest:
 
 
During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company borrowed $215,500 and $540,000, respectively in a series of cash payments from the Company’s CEO in exchange for the issuance of a promissory note. The promissory note is not secured by Company assets, does not bear interest and is due in full on March 15, 2025. The promissory note totaled $950,550 at December 31, 2023.
 
During the year ended December 31, 2023, a total of 200,001 shares of Class A Preferred Stock were issued to ours Vice President, Austen Lambrecht, the son of Greg Lambrecht, our Chief Executive Officer. In addition, one share of Class A Preferred Stock was issued to Greg Lambrecht and each of the two other members of the Company’s Board of Directors for services provided.
 
On February 28, 2024, we entered into an Employment Agreement with Austen Lambrecht, our Vice President. The term of the agreement is three years from the effective date, and will renew for six month periods automatically unless terminated by either party providing 90 days of prior written notice or for “Cause,” as defined in the agreement. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Lambrecht is entitled to an annual salary of $97,000. Mr. Lambrecht is also entitled to a bonus as determined by our Board of Directors, healthcare (once established by the Company), reimbursement of expenses, and 20 vacation days per year. Also, as an inducement to enter into the agreement, Mr. Lambrecht was awarded 30 shares of Series B Preferred Stock.
 
 
We are not currently subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system which has requirements that a majority of the board of directors be “independent” and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our Board of Directors comprised of a majority of “independent directors.”
 
We currently have not established any committees of the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors may designate from among its members an executive committee and one or more other committees in the future. We do not have a nominating committee or a nominating committee charter. Further, we do not have a policy with regard to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by security holders. To date, other than as described above, no security holders have made any such recommendations. The entire Board of Directors performs all functions that would otherwise be performed by committees. Given the present size of our board it is not practical for us to have committees. If we are able to grow our business and increase our operations, we intend to expand the size of our board and allocate responsibilities accordingly.
 
 
 
 
 
These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of the Company’s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company’s Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years.
 
 
These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company’s financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These fees were for professional services incurred in connection with accounting consultations and consultations regarding financial accounting and reporting standards.
 
There were no such services by our principal accountants in 2023 or 2022.
 
 
These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for tax services including tax compliance and the preparation of tax returns and tax consultation services. 
 
There were no such services by our principal accountant in 2023 or 2022.
 
 
These amounts consisted of the aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other than the services reported above. 
 
There were no such services by our principal accountant in 2023 or 2022.
 
 
 
 
 
The following exhibits are included as part of this Annual Report:
  
____________
 
 
None.
 
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of Securities 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
Board of Directors and Stockholders
1606 Corp.
 
 
We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of 1606 Corp. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ deficit and parent’s net investment, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
 
 
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
 
 
These financial statements are the responsibility of the entity’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.
 
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
 
 
We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021.
 
April 16, 2024
   
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
 
 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
 
 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
 
 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 
